2nd Interview

ABOUT COMPANY

It says that Capgemini is A global leader in consulting, technology services
and digital transformation, and also that Capgemini is at the forefront of 
innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’opportunities in the 
evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms.

*Experience with service now
ServiceNow is a SaaS tool and it's hosted in the Cloud*
flow (Request, incident, problem, change, resolution)
ITSM process in restoring business processes to minimize buisness impact
How to report an issue (call, request help, or email)

Service now core apllications
(Incident, problem, change, service catalog, configuration)

*Experience with spotlight
End to end monitoring
With it you get to manage large-scale monitoring deployments
You get to customizze your environment

		Randoms questions for me
*Tell me about youeself
I've worked as a DBA for the past 5 years started as a junior dba at 
InComm (InComm is a provider of cutting edge prepaid products, services 
and transaction technologies to retailers, brands and consumers)there 
i wasn't in full control of my environment just as with my second 
gig which was at Slalom (Slalom is a business and technology consulting 
firm) then i moved to knight and associates where am a bit more in control
of my environmen

*what do you know abou the position
I know this is a 13 month contract position based in North carolina


*what are you looking for in a job
Channce to grow like i see you the company will be moving to the cloud
i find as an oppurtunity to grow

* what is your technical background and what kinds of projects have 
you worked on
installation, upgrades, patching, database migration

*what are some of your most significant accomplishments
Becoming a dba even though i went into school to become an electrical
electronics engineer

*In what areas do you need to improve technically?
Are you asking about technology or personality

*What did you like most and least about your last job?
Liked = remote
dislike = no benefits

*How do you handle pressure?
I break the problem into smaller problems then i go from there

*Do you prefer to work alone or on a team?
Team

*How would you describe youridealjob?
A job where we're constantly using new technology and Remote

*If you were to hire someone to replace you in your last job,
what kind of person would that be?
I'd hire someone with patinnce and good at handling pressure

*Where do you see yourself in five years?
In a senior position

*What kind of compensation are you looking for?
$95000

*What do you do when priorities change quickly?
I quickly put my attension into that new obejctive as to accomplish
that new objective in time