		1st Interview
Name of Interviewer
Bob LaPierre, IT Site Manager with voya investment management for 17 years
3 months

About Company
I know your companies a fortune 500 comapny with over 6000 employees and 
you help your clients plan, invest and protect their savings.
I also found out that the company has approximately $205 billion in 
assets across Fixed Income, Senior Loans, Equities, Multi-Asset 
Strategies & Solutions, Private Equity, and Real Assets.
And that the company has over 40 years of experience doing this

Awards
I also found out the company been awarded with some wonderful accolades
like being named as one of the best places to work for LGBT equality for
13 consecutive years and also named as a Member of Bloomberg Gender-Equality
Index for 2nd consecutive year and this is to name a few

When i read some reviews online i saw one say its a great place to work

But i have a couple of questions about the company


*Questions about the company
Who are your competitors?
What is the size of the IT organization?


		Randoms questions for me
*Tell me about youeself
I've worked as a DBA for the past 5 years started as a junior dba at 
InComm (InComm is a provider of cutting edge prepaid products, services 
and transaction technologies to retailers, brands and consumers)there 
i wasn't in full control of my environment just as with my second 
gig which was at Slalom (Slalom is a business and technology consulting 
firm) then i moved to knight and associates where am a bit more in control
of my environmen

*what do you know abou the position
I know this position is open because the previous dba didnt want to move
when the company went from connecticut to atlanta

*what are you looking for in a job
Channce to grow like i see you the company will be moving to the cloud
i find as an oppurtunity to grow

* what is your technical background and what kinds of projects have 
you worked on
installation, upgrades, patching, database migration

*what are some of your most significant accomplishments
Becoming a dba even though i went into school to become an electrical
electronics engineer

*In what areas do you need to improve technically?
Are you asking about technology or personality

*What did you like most and least about your last job?
Liked = remote
dislike = no benefits

*How do you handle pressure?
I break the problem into smaller problems then i go from there

*Do you prefer to work alone or on a team?
Team

*How would you describe youridealjob?
A job where we're constantly using new technology and Remote

*If you were to hire someone to replace you in your last job,
what kind of person would that be?
I'd hire someone with patinnce and good at handling pressure

*Where do you see yourself in five years?
In a senior position

*What kind of compensation are you looking for?
$95000

*What do you do when priorities change quickly?
I quickly put my attension into that new obejctive as to accomplish
that new objective


Data architecture is a set of rules, policies, standards and models that
govern and define the type of data collected and how it is used, stored,
managed and integrated within an organization and its database systems

		Powershell
its a shell not a scriping language
so i'll say ive worked with th gui version
I dont know if you heard of vm ware workstation, so this was the interface
i used to interract with powershell so as i was adding roles and features
behind the scenes powershell was being generated

		AZURE
Azure is a cloud computing platform and an online portal to access and
manage resources and services provided by microsoft
resourse and services being (store data and transform data)
feb 1st 2010
free to start and pay as you use
need for a huge datacenter
datacenters are in 42 regions qround the world
Azure services divided into 18 categories and contains more than 200 
services. Services divied into three (network,Storage,compute)
(virtualmachine, cloud service, Disk storage,functions)
*use 
Aplication dev, testing , application hosting, create virtual machine, 
integrating and syncing features, collectio and storing metrics

		Saas Paas Iaas
These are cloud services
They reduce cost
Good to use if your a small startup

Saas
A majority of SaaS applications are run directly through the web browser,
and do not require any downloads or installations on the client side

Paas
All servers, storage, and networking can be managed by the enterprise or
a third-party provider while the developers can maintain management of
the applications.

Iaas (virtual data center in the cloud)
IaaS provides the same technologies and capabilities as a traditional 
data center without having to physically maintain or manage all of it.
